add: rand window support respect|ignore nulls (#966)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/en/sql-reference/20-sql-functions/08-window-functions/first-value.md

## Syntax

```sql
FIRST_VALUE(expression) [ { IGNORE | RESPECT } NULLS ] OVER ([PARTITION BY partition_expression] ORDER BY order_expression [window_frame])
```

For the syntax of window frame, see [Window Frame Syntax](index.md#window-frame-syntax).

## Usage notes

> When this option is used with FIRST_VALUE, the function returns the first value in the frame that is not NULL (or NULL if all values are NULL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `{ IGNORE | RESPECT } NULLS` is used with FIRST_VALUE, the function returns the first value in the frame that is not NULL (or NULL if all values are NULL).
```

> If { IGNORE | RESPECT } NULLS is not specified, the default is RESPECT NULLS.

Reviewer: Moved to the line above, so we can now get rid of this line.

3           | David      | Johnson   | 5500.00 | Mary
1           | John       | Doe       | 5000.00 | Mary
5           | Michael    | Brown     | 4500.00 | Mary

```

> ### Use IGNORE NULLS to find non-NULL values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Returning NON-NULLs with IGNORE NULLS 

```
